---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "agile_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-agile"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages Agile Tenant.
---

# agile_tenant (Resource)

Manages Agile Tenant.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "agile_tenant" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "This tenant is created by terraform"
  producer    = "Terraform"
  quota {
    logic_vas_num    = 10
    logic_router_num = 10
    logic_switch_num = 10
  }

  multicast_quota {
    acl_num      = 10
    acl_rule_num = 10
  }

  res_pool {
    fabric_ids           = ["cf121667-d982-4049-8fd2-fc31857b6613"]
    external_gateway_ids = ["924e8a8f-9b64-4a0b-84fc-54c5a3b0efc6"]
    vmm_ids              = ["d71c0b73-b80b-42ed-aa11-d51ac207c7ba"]
    dhcp_group_ids       = ["8726d0c1-5c87-4572-9429-13afddcaeafb"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) Tenant name.
- **quota** (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--quota))

### Optional

- **description** (String) Tenant description. Defaults to ``.
- **multicast_quota** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--multicast_quota))
- **producer** (String) Producer. This parameter is optional. If it is specified by the user, the specified value is used. The character string starting with component is reserved. If no value is specified, the default value default is used. Defaults to `default`.
- **res_pool** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--res_pool))

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) Tenant ID.
- **multicast_capability** (Boolean) Whether to enable the multicast capability for the tenant. By default, the multicast capability of a tenant is disabled.

<a id="nestedatt--quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `quota`

Required:

- **logic_router_num** (Number)
- **logic_switch_num** (Number)
- **logic_vas_num** (Number)


<a id="nestedblock--multicast_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multicast_quota`

Optional:

- **acl_num** (Number) Maximum number of ACL rules that can be created for the tenant when the multicast capability is enabled. The value is an integer in the range from 0 to 1000
- **acl_rule_num** (Number) Maximum number of ACL rules that can be created for the tenant when the multicast capability is enabled. The value is an integer in the range from 0 to 3000


<a id="nestedblock--res_pool"></a>
### Nested Schema for `res_pool`

Optional:

- **dhcp_group_ids** (List of String) DHCP groups that can be used by the tenant to dynamically allocate IP addresses to VMs in VPC services. UUID Version 4 Format.
- **external_gateway_ids** (List of String) External gateway that can be used by the tenant. UUID Version 4 Format.
- **fabric_ids** (List of String) Fabrics network that can be used by the tenant. UUID Version 4 Format.
- **vmm_ids** (List of String) VMMs that can be used by the tenant. This parameter is required only in network virtualization - computing scenarios. UUID Version 4 Format.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# import using the API/UI ID
terraform import agile_tenant.mytenant 78750ef6-d054-4181-9143-4640dff220e1
```
